Before we go any further let's go ahead and label our layers because right now they have no labels so
we'll call base base.
It's called the pink hair pink code.
And let's call the spotted layer texture
.
Let's do that for all of them.
Now we have labels on all of our layers.
We're going to start shading our islands.
So let's start with our ground island first and it will select its shape and then let's add a new layer
above our texture and then using black and our brush.
It doesn't really matter the shape.
We're going to fill in our first tectonic plate.
Now we want to make sure that our opacity is to 50 as you can see right here.
Now we're going to go over that one again.
We're also going to go over the one next to it like so
now we're going to do that one more time.
But we're going to go to the third tectonic plate
.
Now that star on the other end
Now let's lower the opacity
about 40 percent.
Should be good.
Now we'll do the same for our floating island
turned
down that opacity.
And we're going to add some shading on the underside of the grass that will be on top of our floating
islands the sway it gives it a nice whoops puts bring down the size.
This will give a nice shadow underneath our grass.
Do the same for the top
.
Now let's do the same for our last island
Now we'll bring down that opacity.
Lastly we're going to add some shadow underneath the bottom of our floating islands because the light
source is coming from above.
So naturally there wouldn't be very much light underneath our floating islands.
So we'll go ahead and create a new layer
select our shape and using our brush tool again.
We're just going to add some shadow underneath each tectonic plate
.
So and that will bring that opacity down.
And let's do the same for the rest of them.
And you layer
the reason why we're putting this layer on a.
We're sorry.
The reason why we're creating a new layer for the shadows is because we want to be able to control them
separately from the other shadows
bring his opacity down.
Great.
That looks good all over shading is done for our islands.